Craigslist and Google Maps Mashup Thingy: Day 6 – MySQL Refactoring
Published on April 12, 2007.
One of the things I didn’t really care about when I was coming up with my Google Maps Craigslist mashup thing was the correctness of the database schema.
I’ve written database schema before, but this time I just got sort of lazy.
When porting the application to CakePHP, I realized it was a bad idea to slack off.
Today I spent some time refactoring and adding a association table to the db.
I also learned some more MySQL syntax stuff.
Previously, I had worked with Rails, which sort of handles the query making itself.
Since I wrote a custom listing parser, I had to do some MySQL magic with JOINs and whatnot.
I also worked a lot on the Facebook puzzle that I wrote about earlier today.
I came up with an approach that was better than the last one I came up with, but only slightly.
It’s still in the range of O(n), so I’ll have to figure out the last “clever” thing before I’ve got it finished.
It’s actually a lot more interesting now due to the efficiency constraints.